Add known issue and config examples comments for kibanaRef issue (#3541)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-1.2.0.asciidoc

- Elasticsearch link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/modules-node.html#transform-node[transform nodes] are not automatically labelled by the operator. If you need to identify transform nodes, use the `podTemplate` of the `nodeSet` to add your own label.
- If you want to try out Workplace Search, use the <<{p}-licensing,ECK trial licensing>> mechanism instead of clicking on the _Start a Free Trial_ button on the Enterprise Search splash screen.

> - Specifying `kibanaRef` pointing to Kibana with TLS disabled will prevent the Beat and the APM Server from starting. See an link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/3523[issue] for more context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `kibanaRef` setting on Beats and APM Server custom resources require a Kibana secured by TLS. Unsecured Kibana references will prevent the resources from starting up. More information can be found in link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/3523[the issue].
```
